hello this is carlington and today I'm
doing trick tip number four of the day
for in a day five then one weekend I'm
sorry if you can't see me too well I
just you i'm using my iphone has a
camera so it's not the greatest film in
quality and since it's an iphone i have
it set up on the ground against the
table so that's why it's so low to the
ground um today I'll be teaching you how
to do an old-school kick flip this
Turkish came before all the other
aggressor eyes and that kind of stuff
this is like the original kickflip and
to do it you're going to be standing
with your feet in the middle of the
board standing right next to each other
like the best friends so it's pretty
unique from this trick like so you're
gonna meet each other one foot is going
to be hanging off the end so that it'll
slide like go on the board when you jump
and ill staying flip the board and
you're going to want to do to actually
put a board it take a little bit of
technique hey I don't want to twist
there we go you're going to want to
twist your shoulders to driver like the
opposite direction of good foot that is
hanging off so you're pushing shoulders
what it's going to do it's going to
slide your foot under the board and then
you're gonna jump off with this foot
let's just chill in there gonna jump off
with that one and then as you're off you
get that foot that's under it to a drag
under the board over like that and so
they're gonna help you land even have a
lot of trouble any if you're not jumping
to the side and following the board
because the board so don't move to the
side pretty fair amount of distance
there you guys have jumped us out a
little bit i'll show you what look
together
there you go boys v also kickflip
goodbye and I love you